Incorporate FAQ doc into existing website FAQ and rework (#132)
commonhaus/foundation: FAQ.md

# Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs)

## What is the Commonhaus Foundation?

The Commonhaus Foundation is a non-profit organization dedicated to supporting the long-term
sustainability of open source projects.
By offering a neutral home for succession planning, a minimal governance model,
and fiscal sponsorship,
it aims to ensure these projects remain accessible and continue to thrive
for future generations of developers and businesses.

## What led to the creation of the Commonhaus Foundation?

The Commonhaus Foundation was inspired by recognizing specific unmet needs within the open source community.

> Especially for self-governing and code-centric open source projects.

Reviewer: This isn't a sentence.

Author: I've tweaked it. Is it better now?

And thanks for the prompt review!

Reviewer: > Is it better now?

Yes.

characteristic of foundations like the Apache and Eclipse Foundations,
Commonhaus allows projects to maintain their established brand, community identity, infrastructure,
and governance practices.
It also supports a broader array of OSI-approved licenses.

## Why not the Apache Software Foundation?

The Apache Software Foundation (ASF) is renowned for its support of a diverse range of open-source projects,
offering a structured environment with specific infrastructure requirements,
including mailing lists,
and a governance model centered around the Apache Software License (Apache-2.0).
While the ASF provides a robust framework for project development,
projects with established infrastructures and
governance models might seek to retain their existing systems.

The Commonhaus Foundation respects the autonomy of projects,
allowing them to maintain their current infrastructure and processes upon joining.
We offer flexibility in licensing,
supporting a broader array of OSI-approved licenses beyond the Apache-2.0.

## Why not the Eclipse Foundation?

The Eclipse Foundation (EF) has been around almost as long as the ASF,

> and is home to many open source projects as well.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and is also home to many open source projects.
```

In addition to open source projects, the EF oversees specification projects,

> particularly in relation to JakartaEE.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
particularly in relation to Jakarta EE.
```

A key requirement for projects joining the EF is naming a project with the prefix _Eclipse_,
to reinforce brand recognition.

At Commonhaus Foundation, we prioritize the project's brand and its community,
offering a collaborative environment without mandating changes to project names

> or aligning strictly with our branding.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
or strict alignment with foundation branding.
```
